---
layout: post
title:  "Game Notes"
date:   2022-02-20 14:45:00 -0600
categories: game-notes
---

# Game Notes for 2022-02-20
In game date: Eleasis 14, 

## Wandering about Oakhurst

After talking to Nak, Niccolo and Sir Russ head back to the Old Boar for lunch, oblivious to the fact that an unsavory sort, the rogue Amafrey, has been shadowing them.
The rogue takes a seat where she can eavesdrop on their conversation as they eat.

Garren tells them that he remembered that some 10-12 years ago an odd stranger visited Oakhurst.
The man, who called himself Balach, asked questions about the area up the Old Road and talked about his daughter.

## Meeting with the Guard

Midway through lunch, two town guards come into the inn and approach Niccolo and Sir Russ, telling them that the Captain of the Guard would like to speak with them.
Niccolo responds that he would be happy to go with them after lunch, so they wait outside while Niccolo and Sir Russ finish their food.

After lunch, the group travels north to the Guard House to meet with Captain Falosial.
After exchanging a few pleasantries, she tells Niccolo and Sir Russ about the goblin raids that started a bit before Midsummer.
They have been attacking caravans on the New Road; so far they haven't attacked the towns or out-lying farms.
The Captain asks Niccolo and Sir Russ to scout out the goblin's lair and either return a count of the goblins or eliminate the threat.

Amafrey tried to listen in on the conversation 



## Against the goblins

The party travels down the New Road until they find the site where the caravan was attacked.
Niccolo walks Amafrey through an account of the battle and she searches the site identifying tracks leading both east and west.
It seems that more go to the west, so the party follows them in that direction.
The trail turns to the north through a clearing.
In the clearing, the party hears voices in a language they do not understand, and Amafrey is able to spot a goblin.

The party attempts to sneak up on the goblin, but Amafrey steps on a twig.
She ducks behind a tree and holds her breath; two goblins emerge into the clearing, look around, and enter the brush on the other side of the clearing.

Following them to the north, the party travels a few hundred yards and finds crypt whose portal has clearly been commonly used lately.
Checking their weapons, the heroes descend into the darkness.

## Blades in the dark

Amafrey cautiously leads the way down the stairs, testing for traps, followed by Sir Russ and Niccolo.
The stairs end at a turn to the right; Amafrey peeks her head around the corner and sees two goblins, but the hilt of her rapier clinks against the stone wall, alerting the goblins.

Seeing that surprise is lost, Niccolo charges down the stairs and leaps into the room, stepping right in front of a goblin to the right of the entrance.
He sees the goblin's eyes go wide in surprise, but he twists to the right, burying his rapier to the hilt in the beast's chest. 
As the goblin slides off his blade and drops to the floor, Niccolo is already spinning to the left and he slashes at a second goblin, but it ducks underneath his blade behind a brazier.
"Oh Sir Russ, there are three more goblins in here," he calls out.

Sir Russ charges in next, wounding a goblin on the right side of the room with his sword but not killing it.
Amafrey rushes in swinging her rapier at the goblin by the brazier, but the goblin dodges her attack as well.

The goblin by the brazier Niccolo 


One goblin flees the room

Sir Russ triggers scythe trap 

We form up in corridor, the Sir Russ opens door to reveal 4 goblins and a bugbear

Sir Russ and Amafrey retreat, but two goblins fire arrows at Niccolo and they slam the door








